Fake API -  это сервер для ленивых. В итоге я думаю выложить его, потому что есть спрос на такие мелкие проекты-тулзы, а во вторыхх пока у меня не будет готов мой/переделан мой основной recipe api server или его
graphql version -> I need to have a server, that can be able to give data.
For connection with our frontend pages. Idea is to create basic routes and return a basic data, by calling that routes.
But there is no real server behind it(No DB right now. Only static data that we have at our fetch and static data module).

By connecting React Components with fake-api we can test independently our components or have it as converter of our data.
Main goal is to display data at React pages, that use our React Components. We didn't use or update it quite often right now, but soon, we'll start to do it.
Right now, we can connect 2-3 projects into it, they have a same basic foundation.
That works with different sets of our food data and fake-api is a good and simple layer for receiving/sending data.
Also I want to use it for debug a default methods, that later can be moved out to separated modules. like to our graphql server.
it's also pretty simple project, so everyone can understand that logic.


https://hackernoon.com/the-future-of-software-development-modular-intelligent-and-rickety-e24de6d5102f

https://futurism.com/the-byte/robots-taste-chinese-food

----

1) When Eugene will deploy latest changes to `fetch`, you will be able to connect to that files(that you worked before).
As you saw that all files for measurements. And you see a similarities.
2) I want to merge all that files together into one big object. So later we will be able to use it at our servers. This will be our first task.
3) Extract data from that measurements files and merge into one `entity`.
Then we will create some sort of an array/method, so we will be able to filter that data by different "keywords".
For example, create a separated  method, that will display only gallon, or only cooking times from that object.
4) Later, we will change structures of that big, complex object. Some of our data have not an ideal structure inside.
Like -> we have integers and string at one field. This is not best solution. Not easy to manage, operate.
Usually if we will multiply numbers together. So for this current case - it's better to separate data.
So here, we will create a method, with a few loops -> then get data from a few fields and split them into pieces.


About Python as backend
I don't think that it's a best/quick choice.
1) if will require a lot of work for setup from scraatch.
2) Nodejs servers are evolving pretty fast, so it will give an ability to use other completed modules,
that available right now at market.
3) I'm building modular backend system at nodejs and it will be awesome if you can use it at your project.
Heroku is awesome choice. It's cheap and easy to work for developers

---


Coding school service is my top priorities because it can be a quick source of money, but during that time, my students(interns)
actually coding food projects, so it still moving forward this goal too.

В близжайший месяц я буду переезжать, и наверное сам я несмогу кодить, но в это вреия я планирую заниматься документаций.
