@Natasha looks like i forget to publish this article at some place and it didn't get a lot of views. do you think it will be a good article for publishing at hackernoon? - https://medium.com/@arthurtkachenko/ways-to-promote-healthy-lifestyle-in-kids-c2fcb047486d


---
just published. i think our projects should be published there
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-promote-your-startup-like-a-pro-9eb9976fc7f0

---
About chatbots and assistants, just read a new article: https://chatbots.studio/top-7-ai-chatbot-online-courses-of-2019-free-and-paid/

---

In this last decade, we saw a drastic decrease of essential nutrient deficiencies, many infectious diseases have been defeated, and the majority of the U.S. population can now have a extensive and productive life. Nevertheless, as infectious disease rates decreased, the rates of chronic diet-related diseases due in part to changes in lifestyle behaviours. Bad eating habits and physical activity patterns have a cumulative effect and have contributed to significant nutrition- and physical activity-related health challenges that now face the U.S. population. About half of all American adults have one or more preventable chronic diseases, which are usually related to bad eating habits and physical inactivity. These include cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, some cancers, and poor bone health.

To prevent these diseases a consumer need to eat food rich in the nutrient or compounds lacking.

For example it has been shown that intake of dietary fiber and whole grain is inversely related to obesity, type two diabetes, cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD) (Lattimer & Haub, 2010) .

Selenium is nutritionally essential for humans, is a constituent of more than two dozen selenoproteins that play critical roles in reproduction, thyroid hormone metabolism, DNA synthesis, and protection from oxidative damage and infection (Sunde RA, 2012).

To help consumers, it could be a good idea to create an application where they can found which food is rich in the nutrient needed, so my project aims to create this application.

An example:

From the National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference of the USDA (https://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/doc/apilist/API-NUTRIENT-REPORT.md), I used the API and selected Breakfast Cereals, Baked Products and Cereal Grains and Pasta foods and their nutrient values to search food rich in fiber and selenium.

So my goal is to find online and where it is available like on the USDA the list of foods rich in some nutrients and create an app.

The impact of this app would be:

-        the consumer can find the specific food according to their needs

-       Supermarkets can provide an application to easily find some specific foods.

---


Danielle Laure


I have scrapped the USDA API and now I'm in the process of choosing which library is best. I have 2 options bokeh or plotly from python, few years ago I started with bokeh here you can find and example https://mynutapp.herokuapp.com/Fiber .
Now I want something more complete, here is a kind of template.
FOOD APP TEMPLATE

Choose a component

Choose a serving size

Show the 10 foods with the high content of that component (table and graph)

After that I want to include also data from Europe that's the reason I asked your database.
The main goal will be to put in on the web and on mobile phone, so I will need someone familiar with python app and mobile app.
So the first think to solve is the python library to choose and also is heroku good enough to deploy it? I don't know sincerely.

---

My answers:



About Python as backend
I don't think that it's a best/quick choice.
1) if will require a lot of work for setup from scraatch.
2) Nodejs servers are evolving pretty fast, so it will give an ability to use other completed modules,
that available right now at market.
3) I'm building modular backend system at nodejs and it will be awesome if you can use it at your project.
Heroku is awesome choice. It's cheap and easy to work for developers
