An interesting and surprisingly correct/unpredictable approach for me - was to move all JS developers into one repository, introduce them at one main task and explain them our plan for that repository(I'm not actually sure, that this explanation helps from PM perspective, but it 100% works for team building)

But for me - explaining a lot of details I'm one place helps to structure my thoughts,
related to the planning of one of our modules, that we plan to release to the public soon.
If I'm not working near PC or I don't have internet, I wrote my plans to paper notepad. The first version always very crazy, and hard to read. I wrote a major thesis, 0 details. It's a thesis strange
Then, I'm rewriting that content again, so I can easily to read my notes understand what I want and what I mean in the next few days. PC usually cannot help me with management.
And don't work well for PM work. Because I can create tasks in "excitement feeling."

But students will struggle to digest that task description. The second stage is done.


Stage 3 related to combining a few tasks for one intern. So he can know that he will work on Task1, then Task2, then Task3...
With this approach, I can plan his workload for weeks in the future.

Later, when I'll move my tasks from paper to GitHub, I also will create a few simple tasks from scratch.


Like "to add details to Readme file", "improve documentation", "add some tests",
Fix todos or remove duplicates, etc.

Also! I need to have more focus on documentation. [I wrote an article about documentation]

So, reducing time on my PC desk or without Internet I make more complex and detailed tasks explanation for my interns.

It helps my team members. So at this summer I should spend more time hiking and work on a fresh air without laptop and email distractions ;)


I'm not just moving my tasks from paper to GitHub issue,s and creating big common tasks, like

[intern name][week number][title] links to tasks -> it's also improving my workflow and whole development process, so I can assign one main task then add an "in-process" label to one subtask link with opened PR...

I'm sure it can expand the team and reduce my work for 20% (maybe

Then I'll be able to get back to planning our work for whole milestones forward. Be very happy when it happens. A notebook I'm creating tasks by these templates
[repo name] -> [intern name] -> [task name] - [simple description]

Then I can add tasks to Kanban boards - so it'll be a really good project manager work.













===================

Our major part of communication is going via GitHub. If I'm online, and intern writes a comment, create a task, mention me -> then I received an email notification about it.
When I will have time -> I'll reply quickly.

But please try maximally return to my information, or why do you asking my help. because I'm chatting at the same time as a lot of people.
So when I reply to you - in a few minutes - I'll forget about what we were talking about.

Example of how to communicate better.

"I cannot do it" - sucks.
"I cannot to do A, because I tried B. Also C, D, E options - nothing works as it should be."

This is my code, this is a link to task/ pull request, this is a link to codeine with an error(don't share a link to the whole file)


How it looks from my side: when I assign a task to my teammate. I close that tab and switch to other tasks.

- I assign you a task
- You write comments inside at those tasks in the comments section
- I'll need to open that task online, check the code at the next tab, understand what do you want from me. etc...

All of this moves can be solved via code branches, pull requests, or pull drafts -> then I'll be able to see your changes and at pull request comment sections we can talking
Don't forget to mention task number, like #task_name(#100) -> task number and apply checkboxes at pull request description.

The sad thing is -> code review/changes requests is not a very understandable thing for interns/new developers.

Sometimes I just accept bad code(yep, sad) and then I create a separated task, mention the same person that should fix that problem.

It's a simple and quick way for me but it's bad for process ;)

How I solve this problem? I add Travis CI, ESLint, CodeClimate into our PullRequests workflow.
So robots generating error logs that tell me and team members what should be done next, in order to make the code better.

You may notice that I'm a bit hateful/against basic courses and"default coding learning process.

In my country(Ukraine) courses are usually meaning entertainment. Their goal is to play with attendees, have fun and play.

My friend was a student at some local popular hard-core courses. It was about learning English. She passes them, pay a big amount of money(husband money - so nobody cares, right?)

But she still has a habit to watch translated movies on native language, not at English... Is this a problem with that course?
I don't think so. The main problem is making a habit.
Instead of pushing a big pile of information at busy people in their heads. People, attending these courses should form a habit. People with habit will be able to continue.
a learning process later.
So they can benefit not only from 2 months of courses -> they will have recurring benefits from it. Imagine someone(me) who want to lose weight.
You offering to me a few free training sessions from trainers of Spartan race. At the first train I was exhausted, my muscles burn, etc.


At that time I was a pretty fit and prepared for exercises. I ran about 500 miles before it and completed a full marathon. So I was a fit person that more experienced in training. But it was not enough for me to keep with that page(and it's fine because Spartan Race is not for everyone)

But if they will not have(If I don't have) a lot of mental power to come back to you and continue training - they still will be fat. Because you didn't form a good new strong habit. Actually, you maybe make it worse, because you showing(themselves that they are not capable to be like you or other fat people.

Yes. I so overtrained so I cannot mentally up my ass and go to the next training week later. You know that body response when you just don't want to do something. It's a normal reaction to it.

Next story.
I hired a sales manager after completion of "famous outsourcing sales" courses in Ukraine. Actually, they teaching good things. But they were playing in sales managers"",
so he was not ready to generate a result as a sales team member. He talks a lot and doesn't listen(hear) me, while I learned how to sale on practice only.

I don't have a backup or option NOT to do sales deals.
If I don't close a deal then I wouldn't have meals in a few next weeks. And you cannot be a sales manager, after reading sales""
blog posts with fancy titles "how and why and what and 5 habits of success" [screen from HubSpot sales blog.

]


So I'm only about practice. At least at first times, in order to start.


The first problem is to teach a student to think as a developer
The 2nd problem is to figure out what skills and how someone "solves real-life" problems

Here is another story.
I'm watching movies in English not because it's cool. Brad Pit has millions of salary per movie. He busts his ass in order to act great. Facial Expressions, voice tones, bad words - each of this is part of his work.

It is drawing a picture, a character, that the director tried to show to the consumer in the end.
Using translations, you like removing 50% of it. Yes, we have good voice actors. But their salary will be a few grand per role, so you cannot compare a result and whole picture + voice frame...



[ We didn't offer you air if you want a result, pay attention you can see what was done and how, and decide what to do next(and how to do it). This is a 2 side problem. ] - part of my slogan for the homepage. looks bad right? I didn't understand it even myself. I should rewrite it
