
https://hackernoon.com/why-theres-so-much-burnout-in-software-and-what-to-do-about-it-4ef0297ca7cc
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-i-started-my-open-source-journey-after-being-demotivated-for-two-years-db4ebc6ecb84


 ---

 Article: Why GitHub is better than any profiles for software engineers



  Article: Practical articles for people, that want to learn or learned and want to sharpen things. like tasks, similar that I create for people that want to learn flexboxes.


  + I have a dump, but working cool for a git+github task for promises, at ES6, tasks after learning Nodejs+express, tasks graphql, React, forms, HTML/CSS, Grids.

---
------------------

---



Article about articles for new developers[strange title, yep]
One month ago my Internet was shut down. I don't have cash for it. I plan to move out. My intern, Vadim take responsibilities for team management. And here I start to saw problems in my process.
One of the quick improvements that we did after -> issues & pull request templates.
I teach him bad habits: make short task description, pull requests without details, etc. He should automate this thing. I also forgot to put data at Readme,
and this is a black hole for a time when each level of the project.
Anyone don't understand what we're doing.
This is my practical findings. Later.
Right now I just watching, how Vadim manages the process. Don't interrupt, so he can realize,
how it hard to work with new people and have responsibility for the work of other teammates.
Not only code by yourself, but more tasks to other developers. It might be easy work, but it's new for him, and complex to start from the beginning. But I'm sure he can handle that.


---

JSON validator is an actually a good thing
standard --> awesome and 0 coding/0 configuration ESLint

Travis CI --> for builds, great works and helps me a lot, code at master works and module has a good test coverage(tests passing green)


====
Next Story - How my intern tried to get an internship at the Ukrainian outsourcing company.
Vadim(my 1st Ukrainian  intern) has an official period of practice in college. After that period, he should provide documents, stamps and other boring papershit.
As I cannot provide it for him - I decided - I should help, because he is my teammate and because he rocks.
And I have a lot of connections in our Ukrainian tech companies.

----

FA
app templates/
This is an item where I don't want to reinvent the wheel. But maybe we'll.
I want to use what web is full - samples and modify or evolve app designs or app code templates that are selling on the marketplaces and they are just static, not evolving during a time, not providing additional value for customers. They just are set as it is.
I saw a lot of duplicates, some of them better than others, but always they require a lot of work to do. I have a very good list of apps/website templates, designs for meals, maybe some sketches/tries at Dribbble. Making something simple and free - that designers on Dribble get a cool experience, and I want to try to simplify the process(real life) or all parts of this process.
it can also bring some clients to those designers - promote their work.


=================







Here is a set of different websites that can help you to get a job in a tech company.
They are maybe not very popular right now. Or very local. But there you'll have less competition, so it worse exploring.



If you also want to get more information about working in tech(right now there a lot of changes) - below I put a list of articles, that might be interested for you to read.



===

1) I'm not very communicative person verbally. Not an offline meet up guy that will bother people at coffee break and making "connections" with people that I can benefit from business perspective.
It will work only when it will be interesting for me and that person - like exploring some ideas together or gain new experience...

I like to stuck with code, but have small presentration/packign skills. I definately can do it, but...

2) I dont want to incorporate company in Ukraine. Different reasons why. It's just hard/un-productive/fearing...

I'm thinking about opening an official
company/bank account with local HQ at Estonia, but I don't think that it's important right now.
Why? Example: There is a good food crowdfunding platform - PieShell. They warmly welcoming me there. But they use Stripestartup bank is official service provider()

And only Use/Ireland is supported there. Or if I decide to make some device and fundraise on Kickstarter - it's also problems(they solvablem, for sure, but why to spend time on it, if itcan be done more elegantly)

Incorporating is not reasonable to do right now, because we don't making prognosable recurring profit. It's good to make 2-3 grands, that is not necessary to spend on operations and fly to Italy/Europe and apply to some startup accelerators. Usually they require to attend meetups offline. Usuall programms takes 1-2 month to complete. I'll need to live in Lviv in order to be near with EU border and be ablele quickly travel to
local offline presentations/workshops/pitches/mentorship.
I think it's twice per week travel or 2 days on weekdays.

Maybe I'll contact my lawyer and she will help me by preparing necessary documents + visa + travel to Lyiv + $250 tickets to Estonia + $200 visa/passport stuff
+ $300 lawyer consulting + documents
Maybe I should also setup some meetings there, or some investors as well for pitching.
I'm also not sure right now how mcuh my project can cost right nnow.
And how much money I need to ask from investor. Few years ago I was making an estimate. I did it because I prepare an offer to my previous client(she has a meal planning startyup)
to become my angel investor. I was offering her 20-25% of equity(because I want to  be able to make decisions myself) in exchange of a quick partial cash that can support continios process of our development. I doidn't require a lot of cash right now, actually.
I lover my expectations so much and we don't need a whole sum right now, immediately.

But some recurring money will be great way to setup a team(which I actually did without any money)), cover my personal expenses, motivate me and covert basic costs for hosting, paid services, fees, etc.
I think that it was a great deal as well, because:
- all my first meal startup I got from her project, working as Team Lead, I know her project weak spots.
- working with me means that I'll push her own project forward too.

Part of my first moves there was an application, build it with help of Ionic Framework(at taht time a cool and quick way to setup an app and use HTML/CSS/JS skill that I have)
But she refused. And I understand and accept that. She saw me like an employee at her team.

Not as business partner that can make strategic decisions and make moves with my  responsibility.

Her US residency could also help me to establish US company. Because it's easier with her help to build/create/operate a US company, if you have a local citizen, that can be as bailsman at banks, local autorities, knows US laws, know nice US lawyers, etc.

As I did an estimate before I have that skill.
And I know or can predict expences for project development, but sales and marketing --> this is my weak spots. I only learning how to do it. But for last years i'm making some progress there.


One of the good side, here in Ukraine is a low salaries for developers/designers. for sure, by comparing to US/Eu salary expenses level. So here it can be done much cheaper/liss finance risks. But I actually not limited for me.
I'm remote work fan, so if I can do code cheaper at some point - by using people from other countries --> it alsdo can be done.
I'm ready to do it and not scared of it.
I have a lot of friends from India --> I see promise in making local office there if needed.
Because Indians has the same troubles as we have in Ukraine -> they can doe, but have troubles to sell their skills.

they also more "hungry" I mean there a big difference - $500 in US -> $500 in Ukraine -> $500 in India.
fpr that amount I can do more in Ukraine/India.


From that offer(2 years ago in April) I made a good moves. So I think our progress increase our value.
- I start to write articles
- I form a team
- i create and promote some of our profiles
- i finalize our tech stack
- i'm pivoting with my idea and adjusting things frequently
- we are very flexible aka agile.
- our process more visible and cristal clear

thing that i feel like an accomplishment - I can not code for a few weeks and my team still will be able to make progress, so we overcome skill/experience with small step progress and team input.

Also our modula approach should give us more visibility and save time quick updates/releases... And I like our code quality. It's not complex, but will be soon.
and it's extendibility are very important for me.

And
- i'm more mature right now
- i don't have distractions(or support) - I mean i don't have family/kids/wife or GF.
- I'm ready to protect my teacm/company from bad desicions
- i'm ready to wait
- But I have some debts. Lol fact, it actually lovering when I don't work, than it was before.
- i'm not overworking right now. I mean I can leave my desk and PC if I want to have a break - i'll do it without heistation.
And I don't care if it can affect to our process in short term.

I learn it from my partner in prevoous company - he always knows
how to keep balance.

I can work without salary or some compensation. But I also learn in hard way how is important to pay salary to my team without delays(yeah, it was not clear beofre :))

I'm not a control freak, But I'm also not that fancy startuper that motivated by "Social Network moviie"
and just love to do your own things. I want and need profit.
I mean that sometimes it better not to do anything that doing something weak in terms ob business.
I love steaks, but i can eat rice for months if needed
